Docker: Custom dockerfiles, docker and image rendering docs update (#20492)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/image_rendering.md

A background job runs each 10 minutes and will remove temporary images. You can configure how long time an image should be stored before being removed by configuring the [temp-data-lifetime](/installation/configuration/#temp-data-lifetime) setting.

## Requirements

Rendering images may require quite a lot of memory, mainly because there are "browser instances" started in the

> background responsible for the actual rendering. Further, if multiple images being rendered in parallel it most

Reviewer: "if multiple images are being rendered"

> certainly have a bigger memory footprint. Minimum free memory recommendation is 1GB.

Reviewer: "has a bigger memory footprint"

Depending on [rendering method](#rendering-methods) you would need that memory available in the system where the

> rendering process are running. For [Grafana Iimage renderer plugin](#grafana-image-renderer-plugin) and [PhantomJS](#phantomjs)

Reviewer: "rendering process is running"

grafana-cli plugins install grafana-image-renderer
```

For further information and instructions refer to [troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) and the [plugin details](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins/grafana-image-renderer).

#### Install in Grafana docker image

> This plugin does not currently work if it is installed in Grafana docker image. Since you are already running Grafana in a container it's suggested you run the image renderer in a container as well, see [Remote rendering service](#remote-rendering-service) for reference.

Reviewer: "in the Grafana Docker image"

Author: I take this as you mean `s/it is installed in Grafana docker image/it is installed in the Grafana docker image`?

Reviewer: Yeah, for consistency, since it's worded that way otherwise.

> This plugin does not currently work if it is installed in the Grafana Docker image. Since you are already running Grafana in a container it's suggested you run the image renderer in a container as well, see [Remote rendering service](#remote-rendering-service) for reference.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This plugin is not compatible with the current Grafana Docker image without installing further system-level dependencies. We recommend setting up another Docker container for rendering and using remote rendering, see [Remote rendering service](#remote-rendering-service) for reference.
```

> If you still want to install the plugin in the Grafana docker image we provide instruction for how to build a custom Grafana image, see [Installing using Docker](/installation/docker/#custom-image-with-grafana-image-renderer-plugin-pre-installed).

Reviewer: "we provide instructions"

```
4. Restart Grafana

For further information and instructions refer to [troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) and the [plugin details](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins/grafana-image-renderer).

### PhantomJS

> PhantomJS is deprecated since Grafana v6.4 and will be removed in a future release. Please migrate to Grafana image renderer plugin or remote rendering service.

[PhantomJS](https://phantomjs.org/) have been the only supported and default image renderer since Grafana v2.x and is shipped with Grafana.

> Please note that for macOS and Windows, you will need to ensure that a phantomjs binary is available under tools/phantomjs/phantomjs. For Linux, a phantomjs binary is included - however, you should ensure that any required libraries, e.g. libfontconfig1, are available.

Reviewer 2: The phantomjs binary is provided for macos and windows. It's only for arm we aren't providing a phantomjs binary afaik.

Author: Yeah, probably really old leftover. Will fix :+1:

```

**Centos:**

On a minimal Centos install the following dependencies have been confirmed as needed for the image rendering to function.

```bash
libXcomposite libXdamage libXtst cups libXScrnSaver pango atk adwaita-cursor-theme adwaita-icon-theme at at-spi2-atk at-spi2-core cairo-gobject colord-libs dconf desktop-file-utils ed emacs-filesystem gdk-pixbuf2 glib-networking gnutls gsettings-desktop-schemas gtk-update-icon-cache gtk3 hicolor-icon-theme jasper-libs json-glib libappindicator-gtk3 libdbusmenu libdbusmenu-gtk3 libepoxy liberation-fonts liberation-narrow-fonts liberation-sans-fonts liberation-serif-fonts libgusb libindicator-gtk3 libmodman libproxy libsoup libwayland-cursor libwayland-egl libxkbcommon m4 mailx nettle patch psmisc redhat-lsb-core redhat-lsb-submod-security rest spax time trousers xdg-utils xkeyboard-config
```

#### Using custom Chrome/Chromium

As a last resort, if you already have [Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/) or [Chromium](https://www.chromium.org/)
installed on your system you can configure [Grafana Iimage renderer plugin](#grafana-image-renderer-plugin) to use this
instead of the pre-packaged version of Chromium.

> > Please note that this is not recommended since you may encounter problems if the installed version of Chrome/Chromium not

Reviewer: s/not is/is not/

> > is compatible with the [Grafana Iimage renderer plugin](#grafana-image-renderer-plugin).

Reviewer: s/Grafana Iimage/Grafana Image/

#### Using custom Chrome/Chromium

As a last resort, if you already have [Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/) or [Chromium](https://www.chromium.org/)
installed on your system you can configure [Grafana Image renderer plugin](#grafana-image-renderer-plugin) to use this
instead of the pre-packaged version of Chromium.

> > Please note that this not is recommended since you may encounter problems if the installed version of Chrome/Chromium not

Reviewer: This should be "Please note that this is not recommended since you may encounter problems if the installed version of Chrome/Chromium is not compatible[...]".

Author: ```suggestion
> Please note that this is not recommended since you may encounter problems if the installed version of Chrome/Chromium is not
```
